---
title: Week 2
subtitle: subtitle
layout: default
modal-id: 6
date: 2023-08-03
img: roundicons.png
thumbnail: roundicons-thumbnail.png
alt: image-alt
project-date: 06 August - 10 August
client: Start Bootstrap
category: Web Development
description: lorem ipsum
---

<!--
edit the _layouts/portfolio_grid file and comment out the div class 'portfolio caption'. This way, the text won't be displayed in main menu )
-->


On my first day, I met the people in the Lusail Museum team, and got to know more about their work by attending the weekly meeting. It was interesting to learn what everyone is working on and how they do different tasks, especially the preparation for future exhibitions. Later, Mr. Christophe showed me and Jenan many of the exhibits and the different types of multimedia content available in the National Museum. It was a truly wonderful experience, and it increased my interest in learning and contributing as much as I could during this internship. 

Later, I observed how visitors interacted with multimedia in different galleries of the museum and noted down my observations. Many visitors seem to like the large projections on the walls, and it's a popular subject for photographs.

On Monday and Tuesday, I talked to visitors about their experience in the museum. This was a novel experience for me since I have not conducted in-person interviews before. I was a bit apprehensive about it, but the process was surprisingly enjoyable. I got to meet people from different countries, and hearing the visitors’ thoughts on their visit, as well as how and why they chose exhibits/media to engage with was interesting too. 

The results of the survey revealed some interesting information. Most visitors are tourists, and I expected most tourists to learn about the museum through social media or a tourism-related website. However, that is applicable for only half of the tourists among the participants; the other half said that they became interested in visiting the museum due to a personal recommendation from a friend, colleague or family that lived in Qatar. Overall, the participants rated the multimedia in the museum highly, but they interacted with different types of multimedia to different extents. The large projections on walls, wooden models and the noninteractive screens beside displays are the most popular, whereas the least popular form is the audio tour, which most people seem to not know of.

On Thursday, Mr. Martin gave me a tour and explained the behind-the-scenes work that goes on to make all the projections work seamlessly. He explained how the projectors are set up to account for the large and sometimes irregularly shaped walls, how video footage is edited and color corrected, as well as how everything is maintained. It was very informative, and I respect all the work that went into setting everything up, and the regular upkeep required.

My first week here has been really exciting and I am glad I got to try out so many new things! I look forward to what I will learn and work on in the coming weeks. 

---